[oneDAL] Add math notations table (#146)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDAL/source/notations.rst

Mathematical Notations
======================

.. list-table::
   :widths: 27 73
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Notation
     - Definition

>    * - :math:`N`

Author: `N` is used

>    * - :math:`N`

Reviewer: I see the use of 'n' in the specs for the algorithms and the use of 'N' in the data management

>    * - :math:`N`

Author: Ok, let's use `n` it's more consistent with `p`. Pinging @michael-smirnov

     - Number of feature vectors in a :term:`dataset <Dataset>`.

   * - :math:`p`
     - Number of features in a :term:`dataset <Dataset>`.

>    * - :math:`x_i` or :math:`x'_i`

Reviewer: the description of x,x', (they are described together) and y,y' (they are described separately) appears to be inconsistent

     - The :math:`i`-th :term:`feature vector <Feature
       vector>` of a :term:`training set <Training set>` or a :term:`inference
       set <Inference set>` respectively.

   * - :math:`y_i`
     - The :math:`i`-th :term:`response <Response>` of
       a :term:`training set <Training set>` given a priori.

   * - :math:`y'_i`
     - The :math:`i`-th :term:`response <Response>` that needs
       to predicted by an inference algorithm given the feature vector
       :math:`x'_i` from :term:`inference set <Inference set>`.

   * - :math:`a \times b`
     - Denotes that the corresponding matrix (dataset) has :math:`a` rows
       (observations) and :math:`b` columns (features).

   * - :math:`|A|`
     - If :math:`A` is a set, this denotes cardinality of a set, i.e., the
       number of elements in the set :math:`A`. If :math:`A` is a real number,
       this denotes an absolute value of :math:`A`.

   * - :math:`\|x\|_l`
     - The :math:`L`-norm for a vector :math:`x \in \mathbb{R}^n` and a real

>        number :math:`l`.

Reviewer: Is l a real, at least for the lib's needs?
would make sense to give few 'typical' values of l
minor: somewhere earlier we introduced x_i notation for feature vector and here we use the same for coordinate of the vector. The context should help differentiate the idea behind the use of x_i; we need to make sure the context is clear in the description of the algorithms or features

Mathematical Notations
======================

.. list-table::
   :widths: 15 85
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Notation
     - Definition

   * - :math:`n`

>      - Number of :term:`feature vectors <Feature vector>` in a :term:`training

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The number of :term:`feature vectors <Feature vector>` in a :term:`training
```

       set <Training set>`.

   * - :math:`m`

>      - Number of feature vectors in a :term:`inference set <Inference set>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The number of feature vectors in a :term:`inference set <Inference set>`.
```

>      - Number of feature vectors in a :term:`inference set <Inference set>`.

Reviewer 3: Why do you want to introduce one letter for training set (`n`) and another for inference set (`m`)? I understand that we need to distinguish the number of observations for training and inference when we describe some algorithm. I'd better introduce one term `n` for a number of feature vectors in a **dataset** without specifying what kind of dataset it is. We can refer to a number of observations in a inference dataset as `n_infer`, for example. It is inconvenient to have two letters for the same thing in case of data management - which letter should I use when describing a shape of a table, which can be used on the both stages?

Reviewer 3: And more generally, this is a number of observations, not a feature vectors only

Author: We can reserve both `n` and `m` for a general dataset, and mention `m` will be used if we need to distinguish two datasets.

Author: Regarding `n_train`, to me it seems to wordy. In fact, it should be written in latext this way `$n_{\mathrm{train}}$`, which turns compact formula into unparsable sequence of braces:

Before `X' = \{ x_1', \ldots, x_m' \}`
 
Ater `X' = \{ x_1', \ldots, {x'}_{n_{\mathrm{train}}}\}`

Moreover, I don't very like multiple levels of indices in formulas:

![](http://latex2png.com/pngs/0a854bf711e45670b5078b0966bfbf94.png)

   * - :math:`p`
     - Number of features in a :term:`dataset <Dataset>`.

   * - :math:`a \times b`

>      - Denotes that the corresponding matrix (dataset) has :math:`a` rows
>        (observations) and :math:`b` columns (features).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The dimensionality of a matrix (dataset) that has :math:`a` rows
       (observations) and :math:`b` columns (features).
```

   * - :math:`|A|`

>      - If :math:`A` is a set, this denotes cardinality of a set, i.e., the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - If :math:`A` is a set, this denotes its cardinality, i.e., the
```

       number of elements in the set :math:`A`. If :math:`A` is a real number,

>        this denotes an absolute value of :math:`A`.

Reviewer 2: make it a bullet list maybe?

   * - :math:`\|x\|`

>      - The :math:`L_2`-norm for a vector :math:`x \in \mathbb{R}^d`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The :math:`L_2`-norm of a vector :math:`x \in \mathbb{R}^d`,
```

       .. math::
          \|x\| =  \sqrt{ x_1^2 + x_2^2 + \dots + x_d^2 }.

   * - :math:`\mathrm{sgn}(x)`

>      - Sign function of a number :math:`x \in \mathbb{R}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Sign function for :math:`x \in \mathbb{R}`.
```

       .. math::
          \mathrm{sgn}(x) =
             \begin{cases}
                -1, & x < 0, \\
                0, & x = 0, \\
                1, & x > 0.
             \end{cases}

   * - :math:`x_i`
     - In the context of algorithm description, typically denotes the
       :math:`i`-th feature vector of *a training set*.

   * - :math:`x'_i`
     - In the context of algorithm description, typically denotes the
       :math:`i`-th feature vector of *a inference set*.

   * - :math:`y_i`
     - In the context of algorithm description, typically denotes the
       :math:`i`-th :term:`response <Response>` of a training set given a

>        priori.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove "given a priori"

   * - :math:`y'_i`
     - In the context of algorithm description, typically denotes the
       :math:`i`-th response that needs to predicted by an inference algorithm

>        given the feature vector :math:`x'_i` from inference set .

Reviewer 2: suggestion to change
- "in the context of algorithm description, typically denotes" -> "in the description of an algorithm, this typically denotes"
- "of the training/inference set" -> "in the training/inference set"

          of elements in the set :math:`A`.
        + If :math:`A` is a real number, this denotes an absolute value of
          :math:`A`.

   * - :math:`\|x\|`
     - The :math:`L_2`-norm of a vector :math:`x \in \mathbb{R}^d`,

       .. math::
          \|x\| =  \sqrt{ x_1^2 + x_2^2 + \dots + x_d^2 }.

   * - :math:`\mathrm{sgn}(x)`
     - Sign function for :math:`x \in \mathbb{R}`,

       .. math::
          \mathrm{sgn}(x) =
             \begin{cases}
                -1, & x < 0, \\
                0, & x = 0, \\
                1, & x > 0.
             \end{cases}

   * - :math:`x_i`
     - In the description of an algorithm, this typically denotes the
       :math:`i`-th :term:`feature vector <Feature vector>` in the training set.

   * - :math:`x'_i`
     - In the description of an algorithm, this typically denotes the
       :math:`i`-th feature vector in the inference set.

   * - :math:`y_i`
     - In the description of an algorithm, this typically denotes the
       :math:`i`-th :term:`response <Response>` in the training set.

   * - :math:`y'_i`
     - In the description of an algorithm, this typically denotes the

>        :math:`i`-th response that needs to predicted by the inference algorithm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       :math:`i`-th response that needs to be predicted by the inference algorithm
```

>        given the feature vector :math:`x'_i` from inference set .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       given the feature vector :math:`x'_i` from the inference set .
```
